docs: add docs for branch (#5104)
lancedb/lance: docs/src/guide/tags_and_branches.md

import lance
ds = lance.dataset("./tags.lance")
print(len(ds.versions()))
# 2
print(ds.tags.list())
# {}
ds.tags.create("v1-prod", 1)
print(ds.tags.list())
# {'v1-prod': {'version': 1, 'manifest_size': ...}}
ds.tags.update("v1-prod", 2)
print(ds.tags.list())
# {'v1-prod': {'version': 2, 'manifest_size': ...}}
ds.tags.delete("v1-prod")
print(ds.tags.list())
# {}
print(ds.tags.list_ordered())
# []
ds.tags.create("v1-prod", 1)
print(ds.tags.list_ordered())
# [('v1-prod', {'version': 1, 'manifest_size': ...})]
ds.tags.update("v1-prod", 2)
print(ds.tags.list_ordered())
# [('v1-prod', {'version': 2, 'manifest_size': ...})]
ds.tags.delete("v1-prod")
print(ds.tags.list_ordered())
# []
```

!!! note

    Tagged versions are exempted from the `LanceDataset.cleanup_old_versions()`
    process.

    To remove a version that has been tagged, you must first `LanceDataset.tags.delete()`
    the associated tag. 

---

### Branches

Branches are used to manage parallel lines of dataset evolution.
Branches let you create an independent line from an existing version or tag, read/write on them and switch between them.
We can `create`, `delete`, `list` and `checkout` branches in a dataset. 

!!! note

>     Creating or deleting branches does not generate new dataset versions as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Creating or deleting branches does not generate new dataset versions.
```

    New versions are created by writes (append/overwrite/index operations).

    Each branch has a linear history of versions and the version number is strictly increased, which means 
    the version number of different branches could overlap. We need to use (branch, version_number) as a global 
    version identifier for cases like checkout, tags.create.

>     "main" is a reversed name of branch. Lance use "main" to identify the main branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "main" is a reserved branch name. Lance uses "main" to identify the default branch.
```
